Receiver: ug10@lists.iitk.ac.in, ug09@lists.iitk.ac.in, ug12@lists.iitk.ac.in,
        pg@lists.iitk.ac.in, ug11@lists.iitk.ac.in
Sender: ("Studens' Placment Office", 'sposecy@iitk.ac.in')
Subject:[ug11] [IMP] Resume preparation
Body: Dear Students,

Hope you utilized the summer break fruitfully.

The students who will be sitting for placements or internship this year 
are advised to keep their one-page and two page resume ready by the end 
of this month.

For internship the resume submission will start by the second week of 
August. Resume verification will take place in first week of August. The 
internship openings will be shared with you a week in advance and you 
will have to apply for it by sending a mail with your resume in a 
specified format to intern.2014@gmail.com .

For Placement, master resume review will be done in August end (30th of 
August to 1st of September). Resume submission will start by mid of 
September. So you are advised to keep one page and two page resume ready 
and reviewed by some seniors. Also please make the necessary changes in 
your master resume related to Summer internship or projects.

For resume verification you will need to bring the original copy of your 
10th and 12th marksheets, transcripts , all the certificates and Project 
Verification forms.

For guidelines for making one and two page resume please visit 
http://spo.iitk.ac.in/preparation/resume.html. You can see standard 
resume format at 
https://www.dropbox.com/s/vqcx2qyl9y6a9id/Standard_format_2013.pdf . 
After making resume please get it reviewed by your friends and seniors 
for a better guidance.

Regards,
Team SPO

<html>
  <head>
    <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html;
      charset=ISO-8859-1">
  </head>
  <body text="#000000" bgcolor="#FFFFFF">
    <font face="Calibri">Dear Students,<br>
      <br>
      Hope you utilized the summer break fruitfully.<br>
      <br>
    </font><font face="Calibri">The students who will be sitting for
      placements or internship this year are advised to keep their
      one-page and two page resume ready by the end of this month. <br>
      <br>
      For internship the resume submission will start by the second week
      of August. Resume verification will take place in first week of
      August. The internship openings will be shared with you a week in
      advance and you will have to apply for it by sending a mail with
      your resume in a specified format to <a class="moz-txt-link-abbreviated" href="mailto:intern.2014@gmail.com">intern.2014@gmail.com</a> .<br>
      <br>
      For Placement, master resume review will be done in August end
      (30th of August to 1st of September). Resume submission will start
      by mid of September. So you are advised to keep one page and two
      page resume ready and reviewed by some seniors. Also please make
      the necessary changes in your master resume related to Summer
      internship or projects.&nbsp; <br>
      <br>
      For resume verification you will need to bring the original copy
      of your 10th and 12th marksheets, transcripts , all the
      certificates and Project Verification forms.<br>
      <br>
      For guidelines for making one and two page resume please visit </font><a
      href="http://spo.iitk.ac.in/preparation/resume.html">http://spo.iitk.ac.in/preparation/resume.html</a><font
      face="Calibri"> . You can see </font>standard resume format at <font
      face="Calibri"><a
href="https://www.dropbox.com/s/vqcx2qyl9y6a9id/Standard_format_2013.pdf">https://www.dropbox.com/s/vqcx2qyl9y6a9id/Standard_format_2013.pdf</a>
      . After making resume please get it reviewed by your friends and
      seniors for a better guidance. <br>
      <br>
      Regards,<br>
      Team SPO</font><br>
  </body>
</html>
